I... Letter of Acceptance Examinee No.
Name: Shiota Nagisa
We hereby inform you that, due to a vacancy at the recent entrance
exams, you have been moved up the waitlist and accepted into our school.
Letter of Acceptance Examinee No.
I got in!
I'm finally past the worst of it.
You all got in to one of your top two schools!
Congratulations!
Splendid job killing it with your first two blades alone!
Nice going!
You'll all move on to high school like the twinkling stars you are!
It's a weight off my shoulders, too!
We were supposed to start our final career counseling...
Hooray! You Made It!!
Congratulations!
but first there's something I'd really like to do.
And what does one do, on such a joyous occasion?
Editing.
What for?!
I'm making a yearbook, of course... just for the E Class!
tonikaku mou chotto matte tonikaku mou chotto matte
"Wait, just hang on a sec!"
sakebi mo munashiku kiete sakebi mo munashiku kiete
I scream, but it gets me nowhere
boku wa tadatada semaru limit
I put all my strength into being afraid
zenryoku obietetan da zenryoku obietetan da
Of the limits that just keep on closing in
genjitsu to wa youshanakute genjitsu to wa youshanakute
Reality is merciless Reality is merciless
toku ni jikan wa yabai ne toku ni jikan wa yabai ne
And time is especially tricky
sorenashi ja nemurenai blanket ubawareteku no ni niteru
It's like someone's snatching away my security blanket
taai mo nai imi mo wakannai taai mo nai imi mo wakannai
We laughed and fretted We laughed and fretted
koto de warattari nayandari koto de warattari nayandari
Over silly things, nonsensical things
saigo no chaimu narihibikeba
Once the final bell rings out tanoshii toki mo owaru
tanoshii toki mo owaru The fun times will be over, too
The fun times will be over, too Assassination
Classroom
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no manabi wo kaban ni tsumekonde
365 days' worth of lessons shoved into bags
itsumo mitai mata ashita teki ni
Like always, as though we'll see each other tomorrow
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no dekigoto
365 days' worth of happenings
boku wo otona ni shita nara namida nante mise mo shinaide
If you've taught me how to be an adult, don't be showing me tears
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no omoide
365 days' worth of memories 365 days' worth of memories
8 Days Till Deadline to Assassinate Korosensei
motto otona ni nattemo motto otona ni nattemo
Even if I grow up some more Even if I grow up some more
sukoshi mo iroasenai sa sukoshi mo iroasenai sa
They won't fade one bit from my mind
21st Period Mimura Kouki Trust Time
Making a yearbook?
Yes!
Oh, right. We only did a whole-school one.
With Karasuma-sensei as our teacher.
And poor Korosensei wasn't in a single shot.
Actually...
he bombed a few at Mach speed, just under the radar.
It's like one of those ghost photos.
Exactly! That's why I want to use these photos instead!
A year of unguarded moments!
These treasured selfies with all of you—
thirty thousand in all!
Now to find the most memorable ones together!
When did you take all these?!
That's our peeping teacher.
I don't really like looking at pictures of myself.
Why not?
My eyes are so tiny.
Don't worry.
I've made versions with the eye-enlargement filter too.
Twofer!!
Hunk Hunk Hunk Hunk Best Teacher Forever
Best Teacher Forever Best Teacher Forever
Thank you for always being so considerate.
The official one is full of the same pictures you'd see in any yearbook.
If we're making our own, we can be more unconventional!
Leave it to me!
Cool beauty Hayami-san at the pet shop...
Oh, and here's a nighttime campus shot of Mimura on air guitar!
H-He was behind us all along?
I'm just getting started!
Princess Kataoka, trying on her royal vestments, but no further!
Dainty Muramatsu, right when a cockroach scurried out!
Naked Okajima, streaking across the grounds at night!
Whoa, hang on!
So there could be some super-sketchy pics of me in there?!
Sketchier than that?
Find your own photos, all of them! Then get rid of them!
Oh, my! Who knew editing would get you so fired up?
m 29 260 l 92 202 179 316 316 445 375 491 314 537 212 453
A Classic Fail!!
m 153 398 l 218 438 447 102 379 65
How Much For This?
N e v e r W i n !
!
m 416 465 l 489 405 376 284 307 196 259 114 205 9 143 43 171 125 252 280
C h e a t e r s N e v e r W i n !
m 917 585 l 1062 412 1168 262 1224 298 1077 514 978 629
A Dead Ringer!
m 50 466 l 110 410 215 499 318 566 408 613 486 651 430 711 290 644 168 572 101 516
W h o '
s D o i n g t h e I n v i t i n g N o w ?
m 28 244 l 135 188 247 456 360 616 276 668
P l a y D r e s s - U p i n M o d e r a t i o n .
.
m 272 680 l 333 605 124 516 14 350 -18 404 9 518 138 619
m 239 708 l 284 630 113 616 29 574 -18 532 -18 649 104 695
s - U p i n M o d e r a t i o n .
I can't believe he took pictures of that.
Okay, next we'll choose photos for our school events!
How about these? Huh? What do you think?
m 249 77 l 314 115 188 327 100 477 35 444
Killing It at Exams!!
m 1001 198 l 1069 172 1129 416 1176 504 1209 552 1151 580 1092 474
Killing It at Summer Vacation!!
m 659 91 l 642 155 881 203 1027 213 1043 153 830 129
Killing It at the School Festival!!
m 998 218 l 1026 224 1042 186 990 188
m 992 189 l 1029 187 1001 231
m 996 210 l 1003 245 1026 247 1042 207
m 1008 260 l 996 210 1028 209 1049 204
m 998 220 l 1007 257 1016 257 1036 215
m 998 220 l 1031 217 1020 270 1010 271
m 999 223 l 1006 259 1012 259 1030 218
m 999 222 l 1010 270 1027 258 1014 222
This really was a one-of-a-kind year.
Oh, but I haven't taken nearly enough photos!
I was aiming for a ten-thousand-page yearbook!
And we just keep tearing them up.
The dictionary's not even three thousand pages!
Outside, class!
We'll dress up and take a wider variety of shots!
Theme: History of Life That's it!
Theme: Japanese History That's the way.
Theme: History of Religion Yes, nice!
Keep going! More outfits!
Korosensei did help us a lot with our entrance exams and stuff this February,
but he's mostly been doing as he pleases.
Yeah, with us totally at his mercy.
He's probably indulging in your affection.
You've come plenty far, thanks to your classes through January.
Hey, babe. Karma got away from me, so lend me a hand, you two.
Now he wants to be pampered by his full-fledged students a little.
Maybe that's what he's thinking.
That makes sense.
Do you think we turned out competent students, Karasuma-sensei?
Sure.
If I'm ever in any trouble, I'll trust you without hesitation.
I know I can count on you.
A man and a woman, come April... Living together, come April...
Come April... Ten times a day!
What's with all the mumbling lately?
She probably found some religion.
What's the meaning of this?
We're having everyone cosplay at least once, Karasuma-sensei.
Or perhaps this is a fitting?
Karasuma, I can't wait for that first night.
Shut your mouth!
Phew! That ought to be enough on-campus photos.
Hang on a sec!
Then why are we all stuffed in this bag?!
On-campus photos alone are hardly sufficient, of course.
I'll be taking photos with you all around the world!
What, now?!
You've gotta be kidding!
Why go to such lengths?!
Because it's fun. And for the sake of that fun,
I'll pull out all the stops to serve up the most elaborate yearbook ever!
Here we go!
Gum-Gum... Slingshot!
So I just need to pass this test?
Yep. That'll mean you have what it takes to go back to school with confidence.
Heck, you'll be able to breeze right through the first term's work.
You can use that time to get used to your new class.
Yeah...
When this is done, I'll go back to school.
When this is done... I'll go...
back to...
My blade...
is most powerful as a tool of assassination.
But...
Nagisa?
It's all right. Calm down.
You can do it if you try.
I know you can.
I will!
It's a different way of using my blade,
but as long as I can see that look on her face...
Final Career Counseling Sessions
Once you're done, go on home!!
Now, then... Final Career Counseling Sessions
Have you found what you'd like to be, Nagisa-kun?
Korosensei...
I'm going to be a teacher.
I'm not fast like you,
or invincible like you, or smart like you...
But I want to be a teacher like you.
That's good. It suits you.
There is a talent bestowed upon all of you equally
that you will also all lose one day:
youth.
Keep swimming forward now, without stopping,
before this talent—your youth—escapes you.
Yes, sir!
See you tomorrow, Korosensei!
Yes, see you then.
Is that it for the career counseling?
Yes. They truly impress me, each and every one.
The only big task left is editing that yearbook.
Looks like I'll be spending my nights here for a while.
I see.
I'll need an article about the developments in your relationship with Irina-sensei.
Set aside the next five hours for an exclusive interview, won't you?
Like hell! I'm leaving!
Make it an educational yearbook.
I have to admit: we've learned so much in this classroom you've built.
The students have...
and so have I.
Report.
He's in a classroom alone right now.
But how do I choose?
He won't be going anywhere in a hurry.
Well done, Special Agent Karasuma.
You heard the man.
Tonight, March 6th...
we will commence our final assassination as planned.
Assassination Classroom Final Season Shiota Nagisa
First shot, a direct hit on the entire school building!
And the target?
Checking the footage now!
Look at that. It didn't leave a single scratch on the place.
That's our Anti-Tentacle-Organism Permeable Laser Satellite,
codenamed "Spear of Heaven."
Powered by an antimatter lifeform engineered from a tortoise,
then further amplified in a gigantic particle accelerator,
it fires a laser from an altitude of four hundred kilometers.
This laser passes through any and all obstacles, liquefying tentacle organisms and no more.
And we've just fired it without the slightest hint of advance warning.
Surely that did the trick.
The roof and my clothing are fine. It only hit my tentacles!
Good lord.
Impossible... He dodged that?
But it's a light-speed laser!
What canny intuition.
But it's not over yet.
Since you've survived and all,
why don't you try running away,
super-organism?
There's another weapon waiting for you there.
Our Anti-Tentacle-Creature Permeable Laser Barrier,
codenamed "Shield of Earth."
Lasers from a cluster of camouflaged ground facilities converge to form a barrier
that covers the entire mountain.
Is this...
He has nowhere left to run.
The lasers penetrate into the ground,
forming a cage of light—not to kill him, but to prevent his escape.
I was hoping we'd finish him off with that first shot.
Once Plan B is in motion, all hell will break loose.
Ready the ground troops!
Emergency deployment per Case B-1!
Yessir!
What the...
What's that light?
We were naïve.
We thought things might stay as they'd been. That it might end uneventfully.
They had everything in place.
They'd planned it down to the tiniest detail, and we were none the wiser.
These measures serve to confine one specific, dangerous creature who would do us harm.
This creature, now with no place to run thanks to the Shield of Earth,
is the culprit behind the moon's destruction one year ago.
We could not make its existence public until today, but this creature—
no, this monster—
has been in a standoff against the entire planet
after taking some of our nation's junior-high students hostage
and going undercover as a teacher.
He is an extremely—
What's going on?
Looks bad!
This road is closed!
Please follow our instructions!
It'll take another week for the second shot to charge up.
We may have hurt our chances, firing the first at twenty percent just so he wouldn't see it coming.
But the next one will fire at one hundred percent charge, and he can't get away.
His death is a done deal.
All we have to do now is take care of public relations and deal with any troublemakers.
Nagisa!
Kayano!
What is all this?!
Hey!
Whaddya mean, "no trespassing"?!
Look, just back off!
Nagisa! Kayano!
Did you see the news? This is awful!
Your attention, please!
We may have found the students that were threatened by that monstrous teacher!
You're those junior-high hostages, right?
Excuse me! How do you feel right now?
Tell us how relieved you are to hear he's been captured!
Korosensei's been captured?
What was it like spending a whole year in fear of a teacher who could explode at any second?
Dangerous Creature Captured Dangerous Creature Captured
A Year of Fear: Students Scarred Shut up!
What's this about him forcing you to perform sham assassinations?
A Year of Fear: Students Scarred
It's none of your business!
We have it on good authority that there's less than a one-percent chance of the Earth being destroyed!
He's not dangerous! Put that on TV!
He's not the evil teacher they're saying he is!
O-Oh!
Here, close up on this girl!
Did that monster tell you to say that?
How awful it must have been. You can tell us the truth.
These are the innocent children that monster used as hostages!
We can surmise that the children were seriously traumatized by the experience.
With hope, they'll be able to receive treatment as soon as possible.
Junior-High Hostages: Psychological Impact Feared
Poor dears...
Who would do such terrible things to such innocent children?
Why are they pitying us?
You have no permission to film here. Leave at once!
B-But what about our duty to report the truth?
And terrify junior-high students for sheer entertainment value?
Some duty!
By the authority of the Ministry of Defense, this area is off-limits.
In the interest of public safety, I must ask you to leave.
I'll take these students into protective custody.
Karasuma-sensei... what happened to Korosensei?
Your time ran out.
The government implemented their last resort—
the one they'd been preparing all this time.
Their last resort?
That barrier, you mean?
That's only a cage to keep him trapped.
In a week, they'll use a high-powered laser to kill him.
No! What about our assassination?
You've tried your best. Now leave the rest to us.
Oh, so now you're the big man, all "Leave it to us," huh?!
We were completely in the dark!
And that statement made it sound like it's all Korosensei's fault!
This is unacceptable.
They told us to kill him, and now they're elbowing in on our job?!
And it won't sit well with Korosensei unless we do the deed!
Karasuma-sensei, please! Let us go!
There are elite troops posted throughout town and on the mountain.
You have no chance of besting them.
Give it up.
No!
There's so much we still want to talk about with Korosensei—
so much we still want to do with him!
So please, let us g—
I cannot allow you to! This is national policy!
Now, listen here, Nagisa-kun.
I don't want any more trouble.
Are we clear?
It's no use, Nagisa.
In the end, he's just another stuffed shirt.
When push comes to shove, he'll follow orders to save his own skin.
That's exactly right.
My position allows me to protect people when they need it most.
And besides, even taking my personal opinion into account,
I'm thinking he should be killed after all.
Arrange transportation and escorts for them at once.
Sir!
Dammit! Karasuma, you bastard!
Terasaka-kun... Huh?
Karasuma-sensei just said "I don't want any more trouble"—very clearly.
Yeah? So what?
Remember what he said earlier?
If I'm ever in any trouble, I'll trust you without hesitation.
I know I can count on you.
So I think he's saying that he's counting on us to deal with the trouble we're all in.
We have Karasuma-sensei's trust. He's leaving this to us.
So...
Let's put our heads together and sort it all out:
what we want to accomplish, what we're capable of,
and what Korosensei would want us to do.
Buff buff buff buff buff!
Buff it up nice, no wax needed!
Ah, that's care well taken!
There can't possibly be anything for a super-organism like me to fear this late in the game.
But if I could have one wish...
I'd like to see them one last time.
komorebi ga yasashiku sashikomu ookina mado no naka
As the dappled sunlight shone gently through the window
Group How's everyone feeling?
Isogai Yuuma I want to see him... Kanzaki Yukiko
Isogai Yuuma How's everyone feeling?
Kanzaki Yukiko I want to see him... Isogai Yuuma
How's everyone feeling?
Kanzaki Yukiko I want to see him... Kanzaki Yukiko
I want to see him... Kanzaki Yukiko
I want to see him... This'll never end otherwise.
Sugino Tomohito Kanzaki Yukiko I want to see him...
Sugino Tomohito This'll never end otherwise.
Kanzaki Yukiko I want to see him... Sugino Tomohito
This'll never end otherwise.
Let's suck it up and bide our time.
Fuwa Yuzuki
If we read into what Karasuma-sensei said,
the laser fires on 3/13. There's still time.
Kataoka Megu Read count
kimi to deatta ano hi wo tooku ni kanjita
The day I met you felt so far away Let's think on it.
Isogai Yuuma
Where are the troops? How many?
Takebayashi Koutarou Takebayashi Koutarou
Takebayashi Koutarou Where are the troops? How many?
We need an approach route!
Kimura Masayoshi Takebayashi Koutarou
Where are the troops? How many?
Okuda Manami We need an approach route!
Recon team, moving out!
Kimura Masayoshi Okuda Manami
We need an approach route!
Kimura Masayoshi Recon team, moving out!
Me too!
Okajima Taiga Kimura Masayoshi Recon team, moving out!
Okajima Taiga Me too!
Sugaya Sousuke Okajima Taiga Me too!
Sugaya Sousuke Sugaya Sousuke Sugaya Sousuke
Sugaya Sousuke Me!
Me!
Chiba Ryuunosuke Me!
Sugaya Sousuke Chiba Ryuunosuke Me!
Okay, the boys will check the mountain.
Mimura Kouki Chiba Ryuunosuke Me!
Mimura Kouki Okay, the boys will check the mountain.
sukoshi zutsu narabeta omoide wa boku wo atatameru
The memories I've arranged little by little keep me warm
Leave town to the girls.
Hara Sumire
chiisana heya tsunagu kokoro sotto oshiete kureta
A small room, hearts connecting: you taught me gently
I want to tune up my drone.
Horibe Itona Read count Read count Horibe Itona
Read count Horibe Itona I want to tune up my drone.
Then come over!
Yoshida Taisei Read count Horibe Itona
I want to tune up my drone.
Yoshida Taisei Then come over!
Terasaka Gang, assemble!
Terasaka Ryouma Yoshida Taisei Then come over!
Terasaka Ryouma Terasaka Gang, assemble!
Read count Yoshida Taisei Then come over!
Eh, don't worry about it.
Horibe Itona Read count Read count Horibe Itona
Read count Terasaka Ryouma Terasaka Gang, assemble!
Horibe Itona Eh, don't worry about it.
Read count Horibe Itona Eh, don't worry about it.
Argh, shut up! I'm coming, okay? Deal with it!
Terasaka Ryouma Read count Horibe Itona
Eh, don't worry about it.
Terasaka Ryouma
Hazama Kirara I'll pass.
Terasaka Ryouma ALL MEMBERS ASSEMBLE!!!!!!
Muramatsu, bring food. Nasty's better than nothing.
Horibe Itona Read count Read count Terasaka Ryouma
ALL MEMBERS ASSEMBLE!!!!!!
Horibe Itona
Read count Terasaka Ryouma ALL MEMBERS ASSEMBLE!!!!!!
Read count Horibe Itona
kono kisetsu ga mukae ni kitara kimi mo omoidashite kureru ka na
Once this season comes for us, perhaps you will remember
k Muramatsu Takuya Read count Horibe Itona
Muramatsu Takuya k Read count Horibe Itona
Muramatsu Takuya k Muramatsu Takuya k Muramatsu Takuya
k Muramatsu Takuya k and screw you Muramatsu Takuya
I'd like to get a little exercise in.
Okano Hinata Read count Read count Okano Hinata
Read count Okano Hinata Can you get away?
Right?
Maehara Hiroto Read count Okano Hinata
Maehara Hiroto Right?
Can you get away?
Okano Hinata Read count Read count Maehara Hiroto
Right?
Okano Hinata Can you get away?
Read count Read count Maehara Hiroto Right?
Read count Maehara Hiroto Right?
You bet!
Maehara Hiroto Read count Okano Hinata
Can you get away?
Maehara Hiroto You bet!
Maehara Hiroto
Just enough that the guards won't suspect!
sugoshita jikan ga iroasetemo
The time we spent together may fade away Shocking!!
Shocking!!
The Hidden-Monster Menace!
The news is ridonk!
Nakamura Rio Nakamura Rio The news is ridonk!
Nakamura Rio The news is ridonk!
Even though Korosensei's not evil at all... Ritsu
Kurahashi Hinano Nakamura Rio The news is ridonk!
Kurahashi Hinano
wasurezu ni iru yo wasurezu ni iru yo
But I won't ever forget it But I won't ever forget it
Attachment Kurahashi Hinano
Attachment Ritsu Attachment Ritsu Attachment
Data analysis complete. I've calculated our ideal entry route. See attached file.
Ritsu Attachment Read count mata kimi ni aeru you ni
mata kimi ni aeru you ni So that I can see you again
So that I can see you again Read count
Ritsu Attachment Read count
Ritsu Attachment
Sugaya Sousuke Sugaya Sousuke Sugaya Sousuke
You're welcome!
Ritsu Read count Sugaya Sousuke You're welcome!
Ritsu Read count You're welcome!
Ritsu Okay, gang!
Get that map and route into your noggins!
Isogai Yuuma Read count You're welcome!
Isogai Yuuma Okay, gang!
Isogai Yuuma
Isogai Akabane Karma donna koto ni mo imi ga aru kara
donna koto ni mo imi ga aru kara
There's a meaning to everything
If we manage to get onto the mountain... Akabane Karma
kimi wa kimi wa Or so you Or so you
Let me take it from there.
Akabane Karma
If we manage to get onto the mountain...
Let me take it from there.
Akabane Karma Akabane Karma sou itte sou itte Told me
Told me Please.
Akabane Karma
hitotsu zutsu hiroiatsume katachi ni shite kureta ne
As you put the pieces of my life together and made me whole
Let me take it from there.
Akabane Karma Please.
Akabane Karma Let me take it from there.
Akabane Karma Sure. It's all yours.
Isogai Yuuma Read count
kono kisetsu ga mukae ni kitara kimi no sugata mou sagasu koto mo
Once this season comes for me, I won't be able
dekinaku nacchaun da ne dekinaku nacchaun da ne
To seek you out anymore, will I?
zutto kono mama zutto kono mama
Staying like this forever...
There's nothing I can do now.
Or I bet that's what everyone else in the world is thinking.
kono kisetsu ga mukae ni kitara kimi no sugata mou sagasu koto mo
Once this season comes for me, I won't be able
But I'm a Mach-20 monster, sorry to say.
And luckily for me, I have quite a bit to do.
dekinaku nacchaun da ne dekinaku nacchaun da ne
To seek you out anymore, will I?
dakedo bokura wa warau yo dakedo bokura wa warau yo
But we won't lose our smiles
I'd hate to toss out any of these photos...
I'll just have to take the plunge and supersize this thing!
mata kimi ni aitai kara mata kimi ni aitai kara
Because I want to see you again
Time left until the deadline for Korosensei's assassination:
three hours!